Perform Standard Scaler before PCA, mean = 0, std dev = 1

- There is no hard and fast rule to select features showing only 90% variance,
  for medical domain we can select features showing 98-99% variance.

if n- dimensions then n - PC,
- but for training it is not necessary to use all the n principal component.

- out of n- pc, how many should be used?
  Ans - use the concept "Explained Variance Ratio" to decide the number of PC's
	to be used.

- All the PC's should pass through origin.

- Why do the PC should pass through origin?
  Ans - Becuase as we know that PC2 is perpendicular to PC1, so we get PC1 from the best
	fit line, and to find out PC2 we need it to be perpendicular to PC1.
	There can be thousands of perpendicular line from PC1, therefore we select
	the perependicular line which passes through the origin to be our PC2.

- PC1 -> shows most variance, PC2 shows 2nd most variance

- why do we rotate the PC's
  Ans - Because if we dont rotate it, we'll have to find the dist between 2 points
        using euclidean dist which is problamatic in case of higher dimensions
	(curse of dimensionality) and it does not serve the purpose of PCA to 
	reduce the calculation. Whereas after rotating when PC1 becomes the 
	X - axis the calculation to find the dist between 2 data points is
        x2 - x1, which simpler than euclidean distance.

- why clockwise and not anti - clockwise?
  Ans - if we have a +ve data point and we project it to PC1 and when we rotate
	it clockwise, the +ve stays +ve(x-axis), but if we rotate it in anticlockwise
	the +ve number beocmes -ve(negative x-axis). That is in anticlockwise 
	rotation the signs will get inversed.

- Apply PCA only on continous data and not on categorical data
 Scenario - lets say we have 200 continous and 100 categorical features
	1.we separete the continous and categorical features an perform PCA on 
	  continous data.
	2.Let's say we got 30 PC of 200 features.
	3.Now we concat this 30 PC and 100 categorical columns and train the data
	  using this features.

- PCA will not necessarily increase the accuracy, that is not the job of the PCA,
  its main job is to reduce the training time by reducing the dimensionality.  